Sprint #1 Report
NeatTabs
10/19/2016
Actions to stop doing:
1. One thing our team should stop doing is allowing days to pass without completing a task. If we commit to complete a task on time we are going to increase productivity.  
2. Another thing we should stop doing is trying to work by ourselves. If we start working at the design rooms, we can help each when stuck in a problem. 
3. Another thing we should stop doing is guessing the number of hours a task will take to complete. As a team we need to spend more time doing time estimations per task so that we can have a better completion rate in the next sprint. We can accomplish this by better utilizing the Planning Poker technique, to form an estimation that is based on all of our opinions of the requirements for a task.


Actions to start doing:
1. One thing our team should start doing is committing to the public repository more often so we can track each other’s progress and go over the work done on the project itself.
2. Another thing we should start doing is incorporating unit testing into our everyday flow. This would allow us to ensure that all of our code works as it should before we incorporate it into the product.
3. Another item that would benefit our team would be to prototype features and requirements before the start of a Sprint so that we can flesh out whether or not that item would be appropriate to include in our Sprint. It would help prevent adding too many stories to each Sprint and allow us to focus on stories are are doable within the time constraint.
4. Another thing we should start doing is focusing on documenting our work/code while we write it instead of doing it afterwards. This would be useful for other members in our project to understand what the code is doing.


Actions to keep doing:
1. One thing that is working well is having an additional meeting outside of the Scrum meetings to go over everything we worked on in detail and to try and integrate things all together. This allows us to cover the finer details that we otherwise would not be able to cover in the Scrum meeting.
2. Another thing that works well is sharing the different resources and references that each person uses. Having access to the original source is helpful when learning a new language.
3. Maintaining close to daily communication between team members so we know their status on the project and know how our team is doing as a whole.
 


Work completed/not completed: 
This is a list of the user stories that were completed during the previous sprint, and a list of the user stories not completed during this sprint (but which were part of this sprint, and were in the sprint plan).


Stories Completed:
1. (7) As a user, I want to be able to restore tabs so that I can keep them organized.
2. (5) As a user, I want a nicely designed interface that is appealing to the eye so I can navigate the extension intuitively with little problem[a][b].
3. (5) As a user, I want to be able to easily aggregate all my links in one central location.
4. (5) As a user, I want to be able to save entire windows (and all tabs within) as a session and label it.


Stories Not Completed:
1. (8) As a user, I want to be able to group together certain domains/tabs that have similar uses to me so that I can access them more efficiently. 




Work completion rate:
This section should report the following: total number of user stories completed during the prior sprint. Total number of estimated ideal work hours completed during the prior sprint. Total number of days during the prior sprint. For the previous sprint, the user stories/day and ideal         work hours/day figures should be reported. For sprints past the first sprint, this section should also provide the average user stories/day and average ideal work hours/day figures computed across all sprints to date. The final sprint burnup chart for the previous sprint should be available for viewing in the lab and an email of this chart sent to the TA/prof.


Total number of user stories complete for Sprint 1: 4 user stories completed/1 user story incomplete
Total number of estimated ideal work hours completed for Sprint 1: 62 hours
Total Sprint 1 estimated work hours: 55 hours (+additional hours for individual research/design/other misc work)
Number of days for Sprint 1: 16 days
[a]I think this could be another one over the research one
[b]sounds good